
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gujqOjzYzY8&list=PLiK720sigcenGIkXUCfvn59cpRSaM9Pjo&index=2

Intro: A lean productivity system that works
0:00
I'm going to show you something new and different. This is a system in cloud code that has boosted my productivity
0:05
like never before. Yeah, cloud code you hear that well, but I'm not a developer which mean you can use the same system
0:11
and boost your productivity with it too. You will see it's a lean system with AI doing the heavy lifting for you. If
0:17
you're already using Chad GPT or clothes and feeling more productive, good. But code with the right system will push you
0:24
to another level. In this video, I will demo live how clothe code system keeps me focused on the right things, support
0:31
me to follow consistent routines with less frictions, maintains my strategic alignment across weeks and months, and
0:38
help me do more and better with teams of AI agents. Before I demo the system, I
The 13 principles I learned in 20 years
0:43
will share with you the principle I learned over my career and that are the foundation of this system. You will discover in 4 minutes what took me 20
0:50
years to refine and validate. Then I will show you the real stuff how I use this daily. No fake, no theory, the real
0:58
deal. If you want to know more about the systems, check in my school community CCG. The link is in the description
1:04
below. Without waiting further, let's dive in. We're not here to waste time. 13 nobs productivity principle that got
Category 1: Foundation Philosophy
1:11
me results. I've grouped these 13 principles into four categories that work together and complement each other.
1:17
The first category foundation philosophy matters because these are core beliefs that make everything else work. Without
1:22
these, you're building on set. The first one is the entropy principle. Here, forget perfect. It will necessarily be
1:28
messy. That's the law of nature. Time spent perfecting things is just a waste of time. It's okay to suck at 99% as
1:34
long as you nail the only one that matters right now. Principle number two, no friction creates sustainable
1:39
discipline. The easier it is to do the right thing, the more likely you will do it consistently. So, remove friction. High friction kills discipline no matter
1:46
how motivated you are. So identified friction, remove that. Third principle, the Spartan rule. Lean, one obsession
1:52
and brutal elimination. Actively work to keep things as simple and lean as possible. Simplicity beats complexity
1:58
every time. Focus on one thing. I know it's really hard to focus on one thing, but you should ignore the rest and be at
2:05
ease with that. Brutally eliminate anything that reduces your lean operation and doesn't contribute to your
2:10
obsession. Once again, it's an ideal. It's really hard, but force yourself. Be a Spartans. Category number two,
Category 2: Execution Mechanics
2:15
execution mechanics. It matters because philosophy doesn't execute. These are the tactical rules that turn principles
2:21
into actions and then results. The breaking constraint principle. Stop overthinking all that's per imperfect
2:27
and could be better. Find the main constraint or bottleneck and remove it. Then load the system hard. So the next
2:33
true constraint appears and solve that. Next principle, today ignore tomorrow's problems. These tomorrow's problems they
2:38
can happen if you haven't solved the today's problem first. So many times we are overthinking and anticipating
2:44
problems that may never happen. Doing so we're burning mental power on irrelevant noise. Next principle input over output.
2:52
Pay attention to the volume of the right input not the output. Trust the causality low. The right inputs will
2:58
lead to the right outputs. And actually you control the inputs. You rarely control the outputs. And the cool stuff
3:03
with the inputs is that you can easily measure them. Now the the milliondoll question is knowing what the right input
3:10
is. Next principle, do the work whatever the friction, the motivation and the mood. So massively deliver the only
3:17
input that matters for your tactical and strategic focus at the right volume and intensity. Forget everything else. Next
Category 3: Strategic Layer
3:23
category, strategic layer. It matters because execution without strategy is just busy work. This principle ensured
3:30
you're working on the right things consistently. First principle, tactical focus. Strategic focus. So strategic
3:35
focus is mandatory. Tactical focus is more nuance. It's okay to launch parallel work especially with AI workers
3:41
to let them work and then you can review sequentially. So that's okay to do parallel stuff at a tactical level as long as it's aligned with strategic
3:47
focus. I call that fire and forget but come back which mean you give work to your AI teams they execute or validate.
3:53
This is really the co mindset. You delegate you reorient you verify and you validate. Next principle the third I
3:59
principle you need to measure in an objective manner your inputs your activity your effort or you can't really
4:06
evaluate your productivity. It's not about feeling here. Obviously, what gets measured gets managed and can be
4:11
improved. Next, the power of routine. Fast morning planning, weekly and monthly planning under time constraints
4:16
is mandatory. With the system I will show you, we can implement that very easily. I love to do also evening
Category 4: Energy Boosters
4:21
assessment and weekly assessment. There are super useful routines too. That's the third eye principle in action. Final
4:27
category, energy boosters. Why they matter? They what keeps you sane and sustainable long term. So, first
4:33
principle is strategic alignment prevents wasted work. When you work on everything that you know will serve your
4:38
main goal, there is no internal conflict and every hour of work feel productive and constructive because it's
4:45
contributing to the main objective. Next principle, mind peace. Knowing you're working on the right stuff, knowing there is continuity and this continuity
4:51
aspect is really key. No lost work, no forgotten projects, complete traceability. This gives you peace of
4:57
mind that is priceless. So many times I started some work and I just forget about it and I started again. It's so
5:03
draining. But with the system I'll show you, we end that. Finally, self-discipline equal freedom. Jookco
5:08
Willink has been a huge influence for me years ago. And so systems are there to
5:14
help you maintain that discipline with low friction. It reduces friction. And when discipline become easier, it's not
5:20
easy, but when it becomes easier, you're truly free. Now, I will show you how my cloud cut system multiplies my
5:25
productivity. I work with it as a CEO with multiple teams of agents organized
Department 1: Executive Office
5:30
in department like a normal business. I will walk you through how I work with these different department across the
5:37
day to stay focused, do more and apply the principles you just saw. First department, the executive office, I use
5:44
that to plan my work every day, every morning and also at the beginning of
5:50
every week and at the beginning of every month. And so the cool stuff with the executive office it's that it has access
5:56
to all my projects, all my work, all the log of what I did with cloud code during
6:02
a given period of time as well as my plan and strategic plan. And so every
6:07
morning this is how it looks like. Every morning I start with a daily road map. So that's the daily road map of
6:14
yesterday, Monday. And I just ask that and then I go have a coffee and it does everything like checking bunch of files,
6:21
project and so on. And then it gives me the road map and so it gives me the one thing which is the the main uh the main
6:28
uh goal of the day then some critical path because then after it will split task between three tier tier one is must
6:35
complete. Tier two is if I have time and tier three are really not necessary not mandatory. And then he explained to to
6:43
me the execution strategy, why it works, what success looks like. So that's the my daily road map. And actually here I
6:49
have my I have the full details here if I want to read further. It always give me a summary if I need to have the
6:54
details. It's there in this file. And that's it. Now I'm good to go and I can work on the main things. I can of course
7:01
challenge that if I need or I can give additional context and rework the data road map. But here I'm not forgetting uh
7:07
what I've started before and what I should finish. Okay. I have continuity in my work days after days, weeks after
7:13
weeks and that's what keeping keep me in check and I have this layer of prioritization. It's both strategic and
7:19
prioritized and that's why I like it. It's it has helped me so much in term of productivity. It's just a game changer. Then if I want to do a weekly planning,
7:25
I can just ask hey I'd like you to do a strategic analysis of the next week what
7:32
we should focus on with clear plan to execute day by day day after day. And so
7:37
it's collecting information from different sources inside the system and it will do the analysis with day-to-day
7:43
dayby-day execution road map as well as identify critical path and dependencies and once again that's a very effective
7:50
way to do strategic planning for the week for the months and for the quarter so many times I've been drawn with uh
7:56
you know many tools task a notion all these tool to organize your task they
8:01
have the tendency to grow in complexity and uh at the end of the the day for For
8:07
me it was overwhelming. I was spending more time tweaking the tools than actually doing the job and also it was I
8:13
have the tendency to make stuff more complicated if the tool allows me to do this. And so yeah really notion uh all
8:20
these tools didn't serve me very well because it was heavily relying on manual
8:25
maintenance I would say and filling stuff manually. Whereas with such system everything is tracked automatically and
8:32
this is the data layer to do strategic planning, daily prioritization, daily
8:37
road map and so on. And that's why it's so such a powerful system because now I can have this habit of planning every
8:43
day every week every month but without any friction relying entirely on the AI
8:49
powered system and all the data it has access to. Okay. So now that's that's the strategic analysis of week the week
8:55
to come with the wins the critical gap the pattern recogn recognition we have a
9:00
video professionalism blocking execution energy management breakdown launch strategy validated uh the strategic
9:06
priorities the one thing for the week my week execution day by day Tuesday
9:15
etc then capacity reality check the daily estimate work the critical success factor what success looks like very
9:21
important expected outcomes, strategic alignment, being sure that the the plan is aligned with my strategy, some risk
9:27
mitigation, key insight and recommendations. Okay, I could say, "Hey, it's overwhelming. Help me focus
9:34
on what really really matters. Uh, let's apply the brutal prioritization framework." And then it's calling an
9:39
agent that's helped me prioritize my work and apply the brutal prioritization framework. And that's it. Now I have my
9:46
brutally prioritized action plan with mustd do with kill list with my new week simple version and the brutal truth. The
9:53
brutal truth being I do a disservice and a disfavor to my annual members because I'm not showing you this opportunity
9:59
that is code OS and they my annual members are buying me not my Hollywood
10:05
production because my video perfectionism has cost me two days that's math and so stop editing start
10:13
DMing. Okay. So I should reach out to my annual member which I will do of course because once again I must show them
10:19
what's possible because it's such a so helpful. Okay. The second department is operation. There is another routine I do
10:25
daily. It's the productivity assessment. I do it daily and weekly. At the end of each day I ask was I productive during
10:32
this day and same at the end of the week. So let's see how it looks like. And also with my operations department I
Department 2: Operations (productivity assessments, project management)
10:39
can manage my active projects. Like typically yesterday, Monday, I did a productivity assessment and so I have
10:45
the it did it automatically. I just said I just gave context saying what I did top of the mind without too much details
10:52
and then I ask generate the productivity assessment and so it does it it stuff collect the right information about what
10:58
has been done during the day automatically and then explain what happened today. I did this. I edited the
11:03
code mastery course, published a YouTube video, did some promotion of the video, but all this wasn't done. And so,
11:10
productivity assessment six on 10. What I did well, it took me six hours to edit this video. Uh, that what held you held
11:17
me back the time estimation breakdown. I change priority. I delayed the the launch my launch my current launch by
11:23
two days. And I I didn't work on my VSSL which on my the about page of the
11:28
community. And so it has spotted some pattern. Editing detail work consume my capacity. Recording deferred for a
11:35
second consecutive day. Yeah, I didn't record my DSLR. I didn't record another video, the unboxing video, which is the current video I'm currently recording.
11:42
And so tomorrow is recovery day. And some advice to have more productivity tomorrow. Record the about page in the
11:48
morning. Record the unboxing video in the afternoon. Send DMs at the end of the afternoon. And if I'm successful, I
11:54
can reach 8.5 on Tuesday. And this is what success would look like. And then key discipline record first in the
12:01
morning. No editing until the recording is done. And then because the guy I mean my my OS is cheerful with me. Rest well.
12:07
You ship the major asset today. Tomorrow you record the revenue assets. Five day less. Let's execute. Okay. So that's
12:13
what the productivity assessment looks like. I like finishing my day with this having the brutal truth and being you
12:20
know so many times we think hey we're working hard and so on and actually we're just busy. We're not working on
12:25
the right stuff. Like with this guy, if I'm not working on the right stuff, I will know it immediately and then it's up to me to change course. And I love
12:31
that. Now, let me show you about the project management. Hey, I'd like to have a quick review of the ongoing
12:38
project we're working on. Keep it really short, like just list them, current status, next actions, and that's it. My
12:44
quick project overview. I have some active program. I have some incubated programs. I have the key action of the
12:49
week. As simple as that. If I want to add some details, if I want to change thing, if I want to rely some some priorities, I can do it. No problem. But
12:56
here it's a a very effective way to have a quick overview about the the ongoing projects. That's super useful. Okay. The
13:02
next department is the AI growth engine OS. It's the strategic department. It's
13:08
my strategic advisory. It's such an important part of the business. I will
Department 3: AI Growth Engine (strategic advisory and alignment)
13:13
show you exactly how it looks like. But just before that it helps you be absolutely clear about the key component
13:19
of your business and you use it with your business operating system inside cloud code so that you ensure that
13:26
everything you're doing one can use the best information contextual information from your business and two can check
13:33
that everything you're doing is align with this your priorities and what your business is let me show you what it
13:38
looks like inside load code okay so that's my AI growth engine it's a system with knowledge base and there are
13:43
several different files Here I have files about me, my story, who I am, my vision, my value, etc. that define the
13:50
brand. I have a strategic layer in this knowledge file that define my category,
13:56
my unique positioning which is lean GPT business which means operating a
14:02
business with maximum leverage using AI in particular AI powered system and AI
14:07
workers focusing on the right bottleneck on the right priorities inside the business. Keeping everything as simple
14:13
as possible. You know the 4L framework, low human, low complexity, low capital,
14:18
low tech, and everything set up with the goal of being free, mentally free,
14:24
allocating your mind to what you want. Time free, allocating your time the way you want. Geography free, being able to
14:30
operate, work, leave everywhere you want. And financially free, which is the key component that allows everything
14:37
else as well. So this is my strategic positioning is described here and each time you know it's significant
14:44
knowledge. Then there are information about what CCG is, what my product, my offer, my community is. Of course there
14:50
are some files about my funnel which is how do I find the right fit for my offer and and my vision as well and how I
14:57
convert them and etc. So my funnel basically my sales process if you like. Then I have one which is a strategy for
15:04
CCG which is what is my strategic vision for CCG and how I I'm currently
15:10
developing this business. Then of course the definition of my ideal customers most likely you if you're watching this
15:16
video and some unique selling proposition related to the offers inside CCG in the in the CCG community. There
15:23
is a full course explaining this framework as well as how to implement it. It basically it's a framework that
15:28
comes from my 20 years experience in business and also the many influences I had from business experts and that
15:34
covers for me the key element in the business that describe how you attract customers, convert them, satisfy them by
15:40
delivering superior service and product and then upsell them. Okay. And it's it's described according to very
15:46
specific frameworks. Once again, it's not just PDF. It's not just a bunch of text and so on. It's really tactically
15:53
designed. I would say I spend a lots of time to perfect the frameworks and now it's really easy for you to implement it
15:58
thanks to this time I've spent for you. Don't thank me. So what's what's the purpose of this? It's plugged in my
16:03
operating system which mean everything I do in my operating operating system has access to this knowledge can check alignment or can pull information from
16:10
it. It's super useful here. I can ask pretty much any question about my business. That's not the purpose of it
16:15
even if except if I need a refresher but that's a good way to demo it. Hey, could
16:20
you could you explain to me in like 10 lines the unique positioning of CCG and
16:28
what Darren does? And that's it. I have my unique positioning. Lean GPT entrepreneurship. That's new business
16:33
model. We run freedomdriven online businesses using specialized teams of custom GPGs, AI agents, AI powered
16:39
systems to implement proven sales and marketing frameworks without needing technical skills and expensive tool. And the core promise is build a profitable
16:45
lean business that gives you real freedom financial geographical time not by hiring teams or using complex
16:52
automation but by deploying AI assistant teams you control and guide the unique way it's custom GPTs or AI agents teams
16:58
train on proprietary frameworks that handle content sales marketing delivery workflows and you still keep control of
17:04
course while GPS execute proven strategies faster and simpler and what I'm showing you here this is the same
17:10
principle we are in cloud code and we are using AI agents teams of AI agents etc. So I won't go into the full details
17:16
but you can see how powerful it is because now any AI agent any workflow any project you work on inside cloud
17:21
code has access to this information if I want to give you an example when I did the brutal prioritization previously in
17:27
the video you can see here it has actually read my AI gross reading the AI
17:32
gross engine knowledge base okay so every work we do inside the CCG business operation p information from the AI
17:39
growth engine the strategic layer okay the next team is the content creation teams So it's the magnetic content OS
Department 4: Content Team (magnetic content OS with 14 agents)
17:46
with my different agents to craft content for the different channels. And so let's have a look at it. That's the
17:53
one. So here I have my agents to craft content for many different channel. Lots of YouTube but there are some also there
17:59
are also some other for short content and a bunch of others whatever and so I'm using it to craft all my content.
18:07
That's my content team. So these are the agents with the right frameworks working on crafting content for me. Uh for
18:13
instance, let's suppose I had a busy day but I want to create content. I can say hey uh what are the current content
18:19
ideas we need to create content for and I was haven't started yet. That's it. I have my five five ids AI automation for
18:26
coaches custom GPTs monetization strategies so capture system custom GPS to cloud code migration tutorial school
18:32
tier pricing on mosimo and then already complete cloud code productivity transformation and that's one I I had I
18:38
had to publish this week. immediate priority this. Okay. So now let's
18:44
suppose I have an idea for a a content. I have an idea for a content and I'd
18:49
like to create content about what? Let me think about this. Okay. Let's let's craft the following content. Hey, I'd
18:55
like to craft a video about my conception of freedom which is uh
19:02
freedom means mentally free, time free. Oh, actually no. check in my AI growth
19:07
engine my definition of freedom and I like to use the egel sitation quotes
19:12
about freedom and you know the universal uh story uh and progress related to
19:19
freedom. So find that and then yeah craft a nice video script for YouTube
19:25
that align with the principle of CCG and what we do in CCG. To be honest, it's a
19:31
really bad way of capturing idea, but um it's bit late and so I don't have that much idea. But let's try this one. So
19:38
just you can see how it works. So it will help me craft this align with the principle. So you can see here it's
19:45
reading uh it's reading uh files from my AI growth engine my strategic layer.
19:50
Then it will it will do a research about the ego sitation I requested. So it didn't find e ifine mentioned for about
19:57
freedom in my aos in obviously but didn't find the eel quotation eel citation and so what it's doing here now
20:04
it's coding a first agent which is my the head of content creation that will distribute works among other agents then
20:11
it's using my agent specialized in crafting script for long form video YouTube video okay so now it's finished
20:18
I have the YouTube the complete YouTube script with my definition of freedom agel philosophy His famous quote being
20:26
the history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom which aligned perfectly with
20:31
my conception by the way. His concept is that true freedom comes through self-determination and ownership. I'm
20:36
aligned with that. So CCG principle the lining GPT business model as a modern
20:42
embodiment of the Egel philosophical progression. Okay, maybe I wouldn't go that far but hey anyways. Um and then
20:50
key light of the script and so on and then a fast review feature. The script start with a convers conversational
20:55
narrative overview so I can understand the entire video flow. Okay. Blah blah blah. Okay. So yeah. So now we have the
21:01
the key the key point here. Oh, I like that. Connect a three-stage progression unconscious bondage conscious bondage
21:08
true freedom to the entrepreneurial journey. That's a promising content by the way. Strategic positioning position
21:13
you as a philosophical thought leader who understands that entrepreneurship is isn't just practical. It's humanity's
21:20
universal historical movement towards greater cons consciousness of freed. It's here you can see OBG alignment.
21:27
It's my one obsessional big goal alignment in my AI growth engine my
21:32
strategic layer and in the the AI growth engine frameworks. We have we set one big obsessional growth a goal sorry one
21:39
big obsessional goal and everything is checked against this big obsessional goal. Anyways, um so now I need to save
21:46
that in the output folder and I would say yes. Yes, save that. And you know
21:52
what actually I just ramble some so like top of the mind just to show you how the team is working but actually I think I
21:58
have valuable content I will I will shut actually we'll see if I have time. So it's a team of agent and of course what
22:03
I will do then it will save all this work because for the moment it's in the context of the the agent that craft the
22:09
script. So it will save it in the output folder where I sent my different uh YouTube videos projects. Some of them
22:15
have been kind of delayed. I will review it and I will most probably give some feedback saying hey craft the hook in a
22:21
better manner or let's try different angles for the hook or let's uh simplify this part or let's remove that part.
22:28
Okay, it's a teamwork once again. And in my philosophy of content, I really don't
22:33
believe in automated content creation workflows for the type of content that I
22:38
do and that people like me like educators I would say or experts or consultant do. Why? Because it requires
22:46
your touch. It requires your thinking. You cannot just rely on AI to do this. Fully AI automated content creation is
22:53
perfectly fine for faceless Tik Tok channel or this kind of entertaining content. But for for educational content
22:59
or for expert content, you cannot rely on AI only. Okay? So that's why it's always a collaboration between you, the
23:06
expert, the person with the vision and your team of AI agents. Okay? So now we
23:11
have everything. We have the video narrative overview. So that's the way I like to check my content. So here we
23:17
have the complete package. Let's have an overview of it. We have the complete package. We have the video narrative. So
23:23
I explain the flow of the video with the structure. We start with egel quotes freedom paradox triple freedom
23:29
frameworks egel philosophy applied lan gpd business as model embodiment and universal historic context ccg okay and
23:36
then there is the script with the hook which start with egel I like it as a matter of fact and then the different
23:41
parts strategically crafted okay let's check the outline here rather so here we
23:48
have the flow of the video then some production not then some YouTube metadata so in the title options so we
23:53
have several title options So I should rework on that because they're okay but why most entrepreneur never achieve real
23:59
freedom a good was right that's actually a good one anyways some subnail design concept some description for the YouTube
24:06
and pin comment framework alignment etc. So that was to show you how it looks
24:12
like to work with a team of of content creation agents. System number five or department number four is what I call my
24:18
HR departments. This is the GPT Express OS that creates AI workers, agents or
Department 5: HR Department (GPT Express for creating AI workers)
24:24
custom GPTs for me. So let me show what it looks like. That's my HR department
24:29
with my agents that apply the GPT Express Mastery framework. It is this
24:35
framework here. Let me show you that. This is the exact framework that I show in the foundations here. GPT Express
24:42
Mastery. This is the frame. This one here, this is the framework I've built now two years ago and I've used for the
24:49
two past years to create outstanding custom GPTs and many people inside the CCG that they are using this framework
24:54
to to create outstanding custom GPTs. This is this exact framework that I've used to create hundreds of custom GPs
25:00
and that you will also use if you do the challenge here, master custom GP creation. This is the frameworks you're
25:06
using. Uh back in the day, I was using the frameworks plus specific custom
25:11
GPTs, the one that are accessible in the fractile toolbox like this one for instance or this one here. So I was
25:17
using this GPTs and what I did since the framework is so good and the GPTs were so good, I just turned them into agents
25:24
inside code. Just I turned them into agents inside code. And so they are here. They know how to work. They know
25:31
what to do. Which mean now each time I want to create a custom GPTs or AI agents from my cloud code business
25:37
operating system, I use my GPT express mastery OS and I tell them what I want
25:42
to do and they would do it for me. If I give you an example, this one typically has been done by by by my team. I just
25:50
said that I want to create a custom GPT that will receive description of the of the activity of a local business. Then
25:56
from this activity I want a GPT to be able to check the suburb around the business and build the right website
26:02
with the right SEO optimized web page describing its service etc. So I'm describing in a very basic and not very
26:08
refined manner the GPT I want to create or the the the agent I want to create and then it refined my vision. It asked
26:15
me some questions about about my vision and I should I should answer them. But what what I did here I said hey be smart
26:21
find the answer and so I didn't want to spend time on this and then what it will do it will call the team of agent purpose refiner step one of the
26:28
framework refined purpose statement so it has refined a purpose statement then agent number two knowledge researcher so
26:34
it has done a bunch of research to uh to equip this uh this uh this this agent
26:39
with the right right knowledge right then process optimizer so it has creating the process to do the job and
26:45
then once it's done it has used prompt architect it has created did the perfect system prompt for it. Okay, that's the
26:52
system prompt. Now, that's the system prompt summary. Actually, the system prompt is more sophisticated than that. Uh, and then it has compiled everything
26:58
into the custom GPT package and that's it. I have my GPT completed with system prompt, purpose, statement, process, and
27:05
then the knowledge. If you check what it is, uh, it's the SEO one. Where is it? That's the one here. I have a refined
27:12
knowledge base. And you can see there are a bunch of files here with optimization, quick reference, decision
27:18
trees. Okay, so that's is SEO stuff. I know nothing about SEO. So that's knowledge based and there are some there
27:25
are no tools here. No need for tools. I could implement tools if I want, but I didn't. And then the system prompts
27:32
there. Pretty beefy one. What do we have in that one? We have identity, primary capability, success metrics, operational
27:38
boundaries, and then the framework to execute multi-step process, knowledgebased integration, decision
27:45
logic, a bunch of stuff, and it's good to go. It's ready to test and to refine. Of course, I always refine my agent. But
27:51
here, I spend one minute explaining what I want and I have something I can start testing right away. And that has been
27:57
built using my framework. So I it ensure that the level of quality, let's say, in one run is already super good. Now it's
28:04
all about testing it, refining and giving feedback. Guess what? When I'm when I'm giving feedback, when I'm
28:09
working, I'm giving feedback right away to my GPT Express Mastery team so that they can work on the existing GPT or the
28:17
existing agent and refine it, improve it, correct it, and so I can interact way faster than doing it manually,
28:23
obvious. And so that's super cool. That's really super powerful. This this guy here, this team here is worth so
28:29
much because I I know so many people who are spending so much time crafting custom GPS are not that good. With this,
28:35
they can go way fast. Anyways, all right, that's the tour. Let me recap the transformation where I was and maybe
The transformation: before vs. after
28:41
where you are right now. I had scattered chat GPTO Gemini sessions. I felt that I
28:47
was starting from scratch every day. No continuity. Morning planning took a lot of time and most of the time I wasn't
28:54
doing it anyway because too much friction. I had many notes in different software or manual and I had to read
29:00
through them. So at the end of the day I didn't do it because too much friction. Once again strategic drift was a real
29:07
problem and sometimes I could spend week working on stuff that at the end didn't matter that much. Some day I was super
29:13
productive some other day I was terrible and I couldn't understand why or sometimes I didn't realize it because I
29:20
I didn't have any systems to keep me accountable to keep me in check and to give me the possibility to objectively
29:27
see what I'm doing I was forgetting about project I was losing context so many times I started again something
29:33
that actually I had already worked on few weeks before but where I am now and
29:38
maybe where you want to be I have an integrated business operating system that is AI powered that has persistent
29:46
memory that can track what I do that keep me in check and sure I'm aligned with my strategic priorities that can
29:52
help me execute at a superior level that can help me objectivize what I'm working
29:57
on what I'm doing and help me implement in a better and faster manner leveraging AI workers my different department and
30:04
this is just the beginning by the way with this system now I'm more disciplined I do my morning planning
30:10
every single day because it takes me 1 minute to launch and then 1 minute to read and the system does the work. I do
30:18
my daily productivity assessment because once again it's a real pleasure to end the day like this being able to see what
30:24
I did actually during the day and if there is any misalignment with my priorities. Now I can do strategic
30:30
reviews weekly, monthly strategic planning weekly, monthly. There is low friction. Why? Because I don't have to
30:37
do it manually. I don't have to go through my notes or whatever. It's AI that does it for me. It wasn't possible
30:43
before with just chat GPT or just code or just Gemini is this system that I've built in code that allows me to do it.
30:50
And really that's the real shift. It's highly emotional because I went from anxiety and overwhelm to clarity and
30:57
confidence. And the best part is this system is evolving with me. I can make it better in a very simple manner. Now
Conclusion: integrated business operating system
31:04
the experience is really really enjoyable because I'm the CEO and I give works to my different department. my
31:10
different AI teams and they execute and I can review what they do and everything is tracked, everything is referenced,
31:16
everything can be leveraged so that my work all work with the AI agents
31:21
compounds while being aligned with the strategic priorities. So, I know I'm working on the right things, the right
31:27
way, leveraging AI like mad, and I know I have a system that has my back, and that's priceless.